Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
The battle...
It is won.
I...
What have you done?
Jace.
How could you?
How could you do this? How?
How could you do this to me?
You answer me!
How could you do this?
You answer me! Please!
Your Grace. leave him.
You must leave him. Your Grace.
How dare you set
your hands on me!
How dare you!
My queen...
I have failed you.
My life must be forfeit.
And what good would that do?
Will it wake my son?
Will it change the truth
of his folly and yours?
And yours!
All of you who knew
what Jacaerys had done
and stood by.
Are your lives.
too. not forfeit?
Have you not betrayed
your queen?
Lord Corlys!
Whoa. calm.
Help me.
My lady.
I have done a terrible thing.
Why have you come here?
There was a battle.
The prince Jacaerys.
it seems. is dead.
-You need to go now.
-Oh. there was ships and smoke.
I wanted only to help. truly.
-But Sheep stealer was frightened. so...
-I don't care.
You were supposed to be
on a ship to Pentos.
Well. I need asylum. my lady.
-I had nowhere else to go.
-How dare you? Asylum?
You run from my charge and
you bring disaster to my doorstep.
-The queen will be hunting you.
-None saw that it was me.
I would say
you had lost all sense.
but then I doubt you had
any in the first place.
Don't come back here.
Do you want a dragon or not?
You said yourself
you were deceived
in your dealings with the queen.
Taken for a fool.
You wanted protection.
I offer it now.
Vhagar is at large.
Sheep stealer has long
made his home here.
All we need from you...
is blindness.
The Vale is vast.
I cannot stop a dragon
from abiding where it pleases.
I do not wish to see you again.
♪ I tell a tale
of a fearsome war ♪
♪ Thank our lucky stones ♪
♪ 10.000 came. but we had more ♪
♪ And pressed 'em
to the bloody shore ♪
♪ Now we can't see
the water's floor ♪
♪ Hey. hey. hey! ♪
♪ 'Cause the lake's
full of their bones ♪
-Fish feed!
Smashed to smithereens!
Fish feed! Fish feed!
Fish feed!
♪ We drowned
the fucking Greens ♪
♪ I tell you a tale
of a cunning trick ♪
♪ How did it come to pass? ♪
♪ Aemond comes.
they said. run quick! ♪
♪ With his one good eye.
he looks a prick ♪
♪ And we've got Daemon.
so go stick... ♪
...your dragon
up your ass!
Ser Simon
Strong. Your Grace.
Well. well. well.
Reminds you of the old times.
When the Riverlands
were ascendant.
music and meat
and virile young men.
And which of these delights
drew you to us
through glade and glen?
I bring gifts. in token
of your victories
at the Red Fork
and on the lake shore.
The finest wine from
House Strong's cellars.
Whoa!
Wine!
And a message for you.
From the queen.
Your Grace?
Is there something amiss?
The crown prince is dead.
I'm summoned now
to King's Landing
to claim the Iron Throne
for our queen.
I charge you to march south
and meet me there.
And send men to garrison
Harrenhal. but march with strength.
And when Rhaenyra
has claimed the Iron Throne.
we will send dragons
to scour the skies above you.
Be cunning. be steadfast.
Cut down any who remain
to resist you.
We will be the queen's fist.
None will stand against us.
To King's Landing!
-And the day we meet again.
-King's Landing!
I have seen that your coming
has been an omen of the end.
-The end of what?
-Many things.
And the beginning of others.
I would thank you for your help.
but I'm not sure yet
what your purpose has been.
I've done the queen a service.
I put 40.000 river men
at her call.
Tell her...
I want Harrenhal.
I've lived there
all my long life.
and I've seen it given
from hand to hand.
And yet none seem to cherish it.
Why should it not come to me?
You have neither name.
nor title.
nor noble husband.
The crown is not in the habit
of giving out castles
to midwives.
And is midwife the sum
of what you think I am?
I will speak with her.
Perhaps there is...
some other reward
she may extend your way.
Some other reward?
I ask for food
and you offer me rubies.
For all their worth...
they will never
satisfy my hunger.
Go home. Daemon.
But do not come back here.
Remember what I told you.
Many before have
left my grandsire for dead.
and they were all mistaken.
We will find him.
Oh!
You...
Y-You knew him as a child.
He was stern...
but gentle.
At least in my eyes.
He loved my grandmother
more than few men
I have seen love their wives.
It was for her sake...
I think. that he tried
to forget about you.
Your brother told me.
We were not mere memories
to be forgotten.
No.
He is proud as well.
to his detriment.
Stiff of neck.
Ah.
That side of him. I know.
Knew.
I will not say so yet.
And your betrothed?
We were children together.
I'm tired
of losing people. Alyn.
He's searching. too.
-You seem to be in less pain.
-No. I'm not.
You no longer ask
for milk of the poppy...
That's because I'm not
fucking speaking to you.
Right.
You're still furious
that I saved your life.
You betrayed my identity
to our captors.
Who you needlessly
antagonized. Your Grace.
They were going to murder you.
You are at least now
headed in the right direction
towards the coast.
Yeah. and what happens
when we get there?
When we're dragged
before Rhaenyra
and her gloating
fucking court of cunts?
What is it?
I can see only the road
behind us.
but I shouldn't be surprised
if there is...
I was mistaken. I am surprised.
That peacock Tyland Lannister
has actually convinced
the Triarchy
to come into it
against Rhaenyra.
Though it doesn't seem
to have gone very well.
Get them back inside!
You heard him! Inside!
It seems our journey
to Dragonstone
will be somewhat delayed.
Your Grace.
You should take shelter
in the forest. and quickly.
I have gold enough to buy our berth.
We can make our way
to Duskendale.
We are going to Rook's Rest.
We would be wise to avoid that
place. We could be captured again.
Cole has a garrison there.
does he not?
-They will be loyal to me.
-But the road there. Your Grace.
is long and perilous.
If this be victory...
I hope I never see another.
Alyn. I have nothing
to give you now.
But my name.
And yet I count that
of more worth...
than a mountain of gold.
I would speak with
Commander Largent.
Then speak. Your Grace.
I regret intruding
on your Gold Cloaks. but...
the matter is grave.
If word were to seep out.
it would spell death
for all involved.
Rhaenyra is returning.
How come you by this knowledge?
In the prince regent's absence.
Queen Helaena holds
the authority of the city.
She intends.
in the interest of peace.
to allow Rhaenyra
to enter the Red Keep.
and to then take the throne.
-Some would call that treason.
-Some would.
The question is. would you?
The Rogue Prince himself.
What are you doing here?
My prince.
We are just returned
from Harrenhal.
And-and the Gullet.
Uh. we weren't sure
if we should go up there.
A terrible thing has happened.
The queen wished you
to attack or pursue Vhagar.
Or am I mistaken?
Aemond did not come.
And you waited two days only
before resigning your mission?
-Addam left. too.
-We thought there might be some misunderstanding.
I was unaware Her Grace.
the queen. had required of you
in this moment. or any other.
your thoughts.
There's something wrong
in those woods. though.
I'm telling you.
We heard all kinds of sounds.
like voices. I saw a...
You have erred.
All three of you. and your
error will cost us dearly.
I left a garrison there.
and a household.
There was a woman
who brought news of a battle.
A maester. I thought.
Or...
maybe a witch.
-Where is your comrade?
-He's gone with the Lady Baela
back to the Gullet.
Should we return now
to Harrenhal. my prince?
Is she inside?
She has not wished
to be seen since Jace.
Ah. And meanwhile.
the smith and the sot
allow Aemond One-Eye
-to fly through their fingers.
-She is in grief.
-Do you question her methods?
-Not hers.
Theirs.
And yours.
I left you here a prisoner.
Having forsaken the promise
that you made to me.
You've wriggled your way
toward the crown like an eel.
I confess. I underestimated
your slipperiness.
Bait me all you wish.
I have the queen's trust.
which you have yet to earn.
-The queen is my wife.
-Then why have you added
to what she must already suffer?
What is between us
is none of your concern.
What game are you playing?
Retribution for insults.
real or imagined?
Do you coil yourself here
in order to strike at me?
Not everything
is about you. Daemon.
Aemond is unaccounted for. then.
Do you believe the queen's
judgment to be sound?
I would not serve her otherwise.
But she has staked much on
the word of Alicent Hightower.
Hm. aye.
I was not present
at their meeting.
They were girls together.
as all know.
Do you believe.
after what has since transpired.
that there is some bond
between them still?
Perhaps.
Would that pain you?
My concern
is for the queen only.
I'm no friend to the Hightowers.
Well. there we are agreed.
though I believe Alicent
is by nature a conspirator
rather than one
who openly deceives.
Or perhaps a tool.
Begging your pardon. my prince.
It seems Vhagar has been sighted
leaving King's Landing...
flying in the direction
of the Riverlands.
I would inform
the queen. but. uh...
I will go.
Your Grace!
The atmosphere is fraught.
I think it's best you do not
stray again from my charge.
I would speak with the captain of
the household guard. Ser Soren.
Where might he be?
Any number of places.
-I could have a message sent to him.
-Thank you. no.
Please make sure that the
small council chamber is secure.
-I will call a meeting there presently.
-Your Grace?
I command it.
At once. Ser Rickard.
As you wish.
He died
fighting for his queen.
As was his desire.
He defied me.
That is what sons do.
There was another dragon.
Sheep stealer. Baela says.
A wild dragon?
He had a rider.
That's impossible. A wild
dragon cannot ever be tamed.
They attacked Moondancer
and drew Jace to his death.
How can the Greens
have claimed another?
-I want you to find them.
-It will be done.
But there is first
more pressing business.
No. I have no stomach for it.
Vhagar has left King's Landing.
The boys who...
clung to me. who...
hid their little faces
in my skirts. dead.
so that I may sit
upon a throne of swords?
Will you let them die in vain?
No. no.
Well.
I beg your pardon?
What an industrious
little creature you are.
Hither and thither.
So much to do.
You would do well to
remember yourself. Lord Jasper.
I remember myself well enough.
I remember you. too. Your Grace.
snaking your way
into the halls of power
when you were just a girl.
So young.
So bold.
I served Viserys faithfully.
I served this realm faithfully.
You did what you had to do.
No man could deny you that.
Life is short.
The gods are cruel.
We all find what
enjoyment we can
as the world
heads into darkness.
You... for instance.
You found much enjoyment.
With Ser Criston.
-Did you not?
-Lord...
Lord Jasper.
Much...
pleasure.
The penalty for this
would be death.
Then what is the penalty
for you running off
to a secret meeting
with the City Watch?
What was your business there.
I wonder?
Lord Jasper. please.
-Say that again.
-What?
Plead with me.
No!
No! No!
Lord Jasper.
Orwyle...
Good.
Seems we have a traitor
on our hands.
I was just going to call
for you. Ser Soren.
She'll need to be confined where
she can make no further trouble.
Grand Maester.
I... I beseech you.
Ask her where
she was an hour ago.
I know not where
she may have been.
But I know what I have seen
here with my own eyes.
Arrest him!
He dares lay his hands
on the mother of the king!
The queen dowager
has betrayed us.
Her own sworn protector
has cautioned me.
You will come with us.
Lord Jasper.
I am the Master of Laws.
for the sake of the gods.
Unhand me!
I'm in your debt. Grand Maester.
I do not know what you
have done. Your Grace.
I fear it is something
desperate.
Our deepest condolences.
Your Grace.
This... this tragic
turn of events.
I am going
to King's Landing now.
What? Your... Your Grace.
you cannot mean...
I heard no ambiguity in
the queen's statement.
Lord Bartimos. did you?
I will fly with my lord husband
and with my new riders
as guards.
That is all very well.
but you cannot enter the castle
on your dragon. my queen.
The Velaryon host is scattered.
You will not have them
to defend you.
She has me.
Aemond flies to Harrenhal
as Alicent promised.
When he returns.
our window will shut.
For... forgive me. my queen.
but this reeks of a snare.
If it is. so be it.
I'm done with talking.
Let Ser Lorent
choose how he will die.
You will need this. I think.
I hope you will send for me.
Remember which one of us
has been faithful.
Much has
changed since I was away.
You've taken a new advisor.
She's done much for us.
-For me.
-So I gather.
I have no need of your approval.
It was an observation.
My prince. Your Grace.
Syrax!
Today. King's Landing
receives its queen.
You will fly cover.
Stay wide and keep watch.
Let none approach from the sky.
Is that simple enough for you?
It is.
Stay on guard until I send word.
It will not at any point
be necessary for you
to engage in thinking.
or making decisions.
or having ideas.
-No. Your Grace.
-No.
Once the city is taken.
we return our attention
to Vhagar.
From this moment. all must
proceed according to plan.
Don't let me down.
Helaena. Helaena.
This is strange.
It isn't the season.
Rhaenyra Is coming.
-I need you now.
-Will there be a battle?
No. No.
We will allow her to enter.
and then we will flee.
You've spoken to her?
But I've been delayed.
It seems Ser Rickard
has betrayed me.
We must stand down
the sentries on the battlement
and as many of the household
guards as we are able.
-They will think you mad.
-But they will heed a queen.
You are a queen.
Helena. you are the queen.
Quickly.
You said my father
changed his mind.
You made Aegon king.
you and Ser Criston
and my grandsire.
and the septon.
I made a mistake.
-But you heard him.
-If I did or I didn't.
I could no longer say.
But Helaena...
you told me not many days ago
that you were happier
before you were queen.
Words that pierced me
like a spear.
I think now not of what
you may deserve.
but what might make you happy.
You. I may yet redeem.
I think I might like
to keep chickens.
-My queen.
-Your Grace.
You.
-Who's your captain?
-Ser Freddryk. Your Grace.
Is aught amiss. Your Grace?
You are to stand down
your station. Ser Freddryk.
at the command
of the Queen Helaena.
Standing orders. Your Grace.
Any dragon but Vhagar.
we strike.
Your orders are rescinded.
-But the prince regent...
-The prince regent has left the city.
The queen is your authority now.
I will not have
any beast harmed.
Rhaenyra Targaryen approaches.
Ser Freddryk.
She comes with Prince Daemon
and more besides.
The king has abdicated.
The prince regent himself
has fled the city.
Will you fight and be burned.
and King's Landing
along with you. or
will you suffer her to enter.
and hope for peace?
Her sons were always kind.
Ser Freddryk.
To Harrenhal.
To Harrenhal!
Dragon!
I seek Daemon Targaryen.
I confess. we had not been
expecting you.
Draw your sword.
-Your Grace. I have no sword.
-Then get one!
I do not wish to oppose you.
I have not wielded a blade
these many years.
Surely. there is some other
way you might find satisfaction?
Hm?
The army has decamped.
There's nothing to stop you.
Father!
Help me.
Help me...
Alicent did as she promised.
The true test is within.
Do not be afraid.
I've come to make things right.
Wait.
Who else dares rise
against us in our house?
Your Grace.
Halt!
Where is Aegon?
It is nothing to you.
I have business with him.
Is the upstart pup too craven
to face his queen?
You are brazen.
I credit you this.
Brazen or thick.
I suppose that depends
whether I win or lose.
Now here's a thing
I haven't seen before.
Stay close. Rhaenyra.
Well met...
Ser Luthor.
The City Watch remembers our
commander. Daemon Targaryen...
and Queen Rhaenyra.
the one true heir
to the Iron Throne.
The guards at the gates
have thrown down their swords.
Do the same.
or perish as traitors.
The prince regent
will not stand for this.
-Nor will the Hand!
-Seize them!
And with them all who wear
the Hightower sigil.
You have my gratitude.
Ser Luthor.
It was Prince Daemon himself
who gave me this gold cloak...
20 years ago.
I knew I'd see you
again one day.
I wish I could say
I was so sure about you.
It's your throne. my queen.
Not yet.
Bring Aegon...
the Usurper...
to me!
-He is not here.
-Then where?
I do not know.
I swear it.
He is fled.
and the Master of Whisperers
with him.
How convenient.
I remained here when Aegon
took the throne.
I am no knight.
I feared for my life.
But I've done what I can. as
the queen dowager can attest.
She's not here either.
I pledge fealty
to Viserys' rightful heir.
queen by blood and by oath.
If the Usurper has fled. then we
must take heads. as you well know.
loath as I am
to strike down a maester.
You will kill me if you must.
But I can offer you another
who might give you better...
satisfaction.
We cannot escape this way.
-Release them.
-At once. my prince.
-What has happened?
-Orwyle's offered you up.
Delightful to witness you
turning on each other like spiders.
This is her doing.
Conniving little bitch.
Keep talking and I'll
relieve you of your cock
before your head.
just for the fun of it.
If you would. my prince.
A gift for you
if you ever returned.
From Lord Larys Strong.
Lord Merry weather
and Lady Fell.
imprisoned for holding
to their oaths. Your Grace.
-Ah. Lady Fell.
-My queen.
Lord Merry weather.
You have my gratitude.
Mm.
The Master of Laws.
who plotted with the Usurper.
You will hang for this!
If you do not burn.
Who of your council
is left alive?
The rats in the Black Cells
have grown uncommon big.
No more than I expected.
Kneel.
I assume everyone else is dead.
Aegon has fled. but our old
friend can stand in his place.
Just get it over with. will you?
They're watching.
If you wish to rule.
show them you do not waver.
I don't know if I can.
Let Daemon do it.
Spare me at least
from being hacked at.
If your father could see
what it's come to...
he would never have imagined it.
Speak no more!
In this moment.
you will become queen.
I did my best...
Tell my lady wife whatever...
Clear!
Stand aside!
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org